Minor updates (#156)
NREL/reVRt: docs/source/dev/README.rst

within. This is extremely useful when updating/modifying/adding tests in the file.

Versioning
^^^^^^^^^^
This repository uses `Semantic Versioning <https://semver.org/>`_ for its three
main components:

> * ``rX.X.X``: Rust crate version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``rX.X.X``: Rust core library version
```

* ``cX.X.X``: Rust command-line interface (CLI) version
* ``vX.X.X``: Python package version

These version numbers should match the major changes in each software release.

> For example, if you make a change to the Rust crate that does not affect the CLI,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if you make a change to the Rust core library that does not affect the CLI,
```
